2. Write answers to the following questions
    a. What is PCA?

    Principal components are new features that are created from a linear combination of existing features.
    These principal components are uncorrelated with each other.

    principal component analysis(PCA) is a method to calculate and identify the principal components of a
    dataset and use them to reduce the number of dimensions in the dataset.


    b. How can we use PCA for dimensionality reduction and visualize the classes?

    We can reduce the number of dimensions in the dataset by choosing the first n principal
    components such that:
     n < number of initial dimensions in the dataset.
    To do this successfully first we need to identify how well each principal component describe the data set and then
    we can choose the n principal components that best describe the dataset. process of identifying these principal
    components is described below

    1. First we need to normalize the dataset
    2. Then we need to calculate the covariance matrix or the correlation matrix for the normalized dataset
    2. We can then identify eigenvectors and eigenvalues from this matrix
    3. These eigenvectors are unit vectors which describe our principal components
    4. Next step is to choose the best n principal components that best describe the dataset. For this we can
       calculate the explained variance ratio for each principal component. We want the first n principal components
       that has the highest explained variance ratios
    5. Then we can convert the dataset to a new basis which is described by our chosen n principal components. This
       will reduce the number of dimensions of the dataset because n < number of initial dimensions in the dataset
    6. then we can visualize the dataset in terms of the new dimensions


    c. Why do we need to normalize data before feeding it to any machine learning algorithm?

        The purpose of normalizing a dataset is to make sure all features in the dataset have values
        in a common scale. For example if one feature has values ranging from 0 to 1 and another
        feature has values ranging from 10000 - 10000000 this will be problematic when you try to
        combine them and learn a model.